README.md, before:

# VRTX  
## Public Repository  

Welcome to the **VRTX public repository**! Here, you can report issues, request features, and contribute to improving VRTX’s open-source dictionaries.  

---

## 🛠 Issues & Feature Requests  

If you encounter any issues or have ideas for improvements, you can submit and track them in our [GitHub Issues section](https://github.com/digital-magic-club/vrtx-pub/issues).  

You can:  
- Report bugs or unexpected behaviors 🐞  
- Request new features or enhancements ✨  
- Check our **roadmap** to see what's coming in future versions 🚀  

---

## 📖 Contributing to Open-Source Dictionaries  

You can also contribute to improving [VRTX’s dictionaries](https://github.com/digital-magic-club/vrtx-pub/tree/master/dictionaries)! Simply follow the steps below to propose changes.  

All contributions will be **reviewed by our team** before being integrated into the VRTX app.  

### How to Edit a Dictionary  

1. **Choose a language**  
   Select the language for the dictionary you want to improve:  
   ![Screenshot 1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/829c028d-bafe-4cf4-a08c-d095f9d19687)

2. **Select the dictionary**  
   Choose the specific dictionary you’d like to edit:  
   ![Screenshot 2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b2db0ee4-99cf-41d2-91e6-3131bb3d632a)

3. **Edit the dictionary**  
   Click the **pencil** icon to start making changes:  
   ![Screenshot 3](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ebc6052-0784-4e7b-9491-4a0af8e3a0cc)

4. **Modify the list**  
   - Add, remove, or update words as needed.  
   - **Tip:** Add a `!` at the end of a word to indicate that VRTX should **only use it when no other words are available**.  
   ![Screenshot 4](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f5e3b7c-c3cf-4e60-9d9d-2065a84adb4a)

5. **Describe your changes**  
   Provide a short but clear description of your modifications:  
   ![Screenshot 5](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c39b3e97-2d2d-4477-904e-ac3a89d49227)

6. **Submit a pull request**  
   Click **"Create a pull request"** to officially submit your changes to the VRTX team:  
   ![Screenshot 6](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dd28cdb-ec42-4c1e-990c-47b06de0daec)

7. **Explain your modifications**  
   Provide details on why you're making these changes before submitting the request:  
   ![Screenshot 7](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8de03929-155a-47c1-ac4f-90664e3e6447)

8. **Approval & Integration**  
   - The VRTX team will **review** your changes.  
   - If approved, your modifications will be **integrated into the app**, making them available to all users! ✅  

---

## ❤️ Thank You, Contributors!  

We truly appreciate all our contributors who help improve VRTX!  

To show our gratitude, we will **reward our top contributors** with free licenses for the VRTX app! 🎁  

Thank you for making VRTX better! 🚀💡  

---

### 🔗 Useful Links  
- [Issues & Feature Requests](https://github.com/digital-magic-club/vrtx-pub/issues)  
- [Open-Source Dictionaries](https://github.com/digital-magic-club/vrtx-pub/tree/master/dictionaries)  

Let us know if you need any help! Happy contributing! 🎉

Commit message:

Add dictionary file status to README.md

README.md, after:

# VRTX  
## Public Repository  

Welcome to the **VRTX public repository**! Here, you can report issues, request features, and contribute to improving VRTX’s open-source dictionaries.  

---

## 🛠 Issues & Feature Requests  

If you encounter any issues or have ideas for improvements, you can submit and track them in our [GitHub Issues section](https://github.com/digital-magic-club/vrtx-pub/issues).  

You can:  
- Report bugs or unexpected behaviors 🐞  
- Request new features or enhancements ✨  
- Check our **roadmap** to see what's coming in future versions 🚀  

---

## 📖 Contributing to Open-Source Dictionaries  

You can also contribute to improving [VRTX’s dictionaries](https://github.com/digital-magic-club/vrtx-pub/tree/master/dictionaries)! Simply follow the steps below to propose changes.

All contributions will be **reviewed by our team** before being integrated into the VRTX app.

You can find all our dictionaries current status [here](https://github.com/digital-magic-club/vrtx-pub/blob/master/dictionaries/Dictionaries.md).
At the moment, we are showing a ⚠️ warning for each position's letter not providing a **minimum of 3 words**.

### How to Edit a Dictionary  

1. **Choose a language**  
   Select the language for the dictionary you want to improve:  
   ![Screenshot 1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/829c028d-bafe-4cf4-a08c-d095f9d19687)

2. **Select the dictionary**  
   Choose the specific dictionary you’d like to edit:  
   ![Screenshot 2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b2db0ee4-99cf-41d2-91e6-3131bb3d632a)

3. **Edit the dictionary**  
   Click the **pencil** icon to start making changes:  
   ![Screenshot 3](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ebc6052-0784-4e7b-9491-4a0af8e3a0cc)

4. **Modify the list**  
   - Add, remove, or update words as needed.  
   - **Tip:** Add a `!` at the end of a word to indicate that VRTX should **only use it when no other words are available**.  
   ![Screenshot 4](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f5e3b7c-c3cf-4e60-9d9d-2065a84adb4a)

5. **Describe your changes**  
   Provide a short but clear description of your modifications:  
   ![Screenshot 5](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c39b3e97-2d2d-4477-904e-ac3a89d49227)

6. **Submit a pull request**  
   Click **"Create a pull request"** to officially submit your changes to the VRTX team:  
   ![Screenshot 6](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4dd28cdb-ec42-4c1e-990c-47b06de0daec)

7. **Explain your modifications**  
   Provide details on why you're making these changes before submitting the request:  
   ![Screenshot 7](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8de03929-155a-47c1-ac4f-90664e3e6447)

8. **Approval & Integration**  
   - The VRTX team will **review** your changes.  
   - If approved, your modifications will be **integrated into the app**, making them available to all users! ✅  

---

## ❤️ Thank You, Contributors!  

We truly appreciate all our contributors who help improve VRTX!  

To show our gratitude, we will **reward our top contributors** with free licenses for the VRTX app! 🎁  

Thank you for making VRTX better! 🚀💡  

---

### 🔗 Useful Links  
- [Issues & Feature Requests](https://github.com/digital-magic-club/vrtx-pub/issues)  
- [Open-Source Dictionaries](https://github.com/digital-magic-club/vrtx-pub/tree/master/dictionaries)  

Let us know if you need any help! Happy contributing! 🎉
